hey everyone it's Jojo and today I have
a very special unboxing I have ps4s
Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag the
limited edition black box here's the
front of the box as you can see it is
for the PlayStation 4 on the top left
there's the logo and the Assassin's
Creed 4 Black Flag title right there and
on the left it says there are 60 minutes
of additional gameplay just for the ps4
and here is the Assassin's Creed 4 logo
with the skull in the middle and down
here M for Mature and limited edition
and the ubisoft logo on the bottom right
here's the back side of the box here in
the middle it's just telling you what
comes inside the limited edition box an
18 inch figure of captured Edward Kenway
an art book a pirate flag the soundtrack
for the video game in a steelbook game
case for your game in here are the
characters from the video game just let
you know I haven't seen any gameplay
footage yet I don't want to ruin it for
myself so in the middle of course is
Edward Kenway on the right I believe is
Blackbeard and on the left I'm actually
not quite sure so you guys could tell me
that and that's a really nice artwork by
the way and more toward the middle of
the box unite under the black flag she's
showing some gameplay footage a little
bit of details which I won't really go
over and this game is enabled whether
you play passport thingy where in
previous Assassin's Creed games you can
earn points for doing certain things and
you could unlock special characters
special outfits a bunch of extra things
and here on the bottom just some
copyright stuff logos you know all that
stuff and the ESRB reading on the bottom
right so in this video I'll actually
just be showing you what comes inside of
the limited edition black box the ps4 is
not out yet it comes out in Friday and
today is Wednesday and so I can't show
you any gameplay footage I'll just be
showing you all the contents of this
limited edition box so this box is
covered with this plastic covering
around it so when you cut off all the
tape and slide it off you get this
really cool artwork on
back of the actual box not just the
plastic part so take a look closer look
at this really awesome by the way
and I really like that artwork of this
game so let's just see what's inside so
right out of the box you pull out this
black looking folder and you open it up
and it comes with the flag the art book
and the game so I'm going to take out
all of these things and show you them
individually here is the steel block
this game case with the Assassin's Creed
logo on the front and on the back you
can see Edward Kenway
very holographic shiny type of box and
there is the Assassin's Creed title and
so when you open it up you get the game
and the soundtrack in the back right
there so I'll take a I'll listen to that
later on and like I said before I'm not
gonna have any gameplay footage just
kind of the ps4 is not out right yet and
this is you play passport and it has the
code on the other side and I flipped it
around because I plan on using that and
here is just the manual for the game
here's the art book is the front side
with the logo and on the back is like a
picture of a compass and inside you can
see the contents Abstergo characters on
the different places in the game some
hidden world ships and all that stuff so
I'm not gonna go into too much detail
but I'll go through a few pages just to
show you how it looks like and there's
Locke beard right there some
environments in the game more
environments the hidden worlds also you
could fight sharks in this game as well
and seen a couple of gameplay footage of
that and yeah so I'm not gonna go into
too much detail but here are just a
couple of pages for you guys to look at
I really love artwork concept art and
stuff just to just cuz it's really cool
to see like the artist is hand and all
that stuff and this is a black flag and
it's pretty huge it's 28 by 48 inches I
had to lay it on my bed just to show you
how big it is so yeah I have to find a
nice spot on my wall should put this
that's really cool
probably one of my favorite pieces so
far and here is the 18 inch figure of
Edward Kenway there is a little bit of
assembly required like in the mass it
came in like two or three parts of leave
in that platform you have to attach the
mass to the rope he's holding on to and
also his saber in his left hand other
than that it was pretty easy to put
together so let's take a closer look at
this guy here's the flag part of the
figurine I really like the tattered look
around the edges really detailed makes
it look old and worn also some wrinkling
in the middle to make it look like it's
flowing blowing in the wind also of
course the crest in the middle is pretty
cool there is this top part right here
you could tie this rope which it comes
with through the loop over here and it
comes down into Edward Kenway his hand
down here so it makes it look like he's
swinging around the masts and look a
little bit farther and it goes around
his leg and under his boot and you could
tie it around this bottom part right
here so this figure is really really
detailed it has pretty cool colors to it
to take a look at his facial features
right there you can see that he had some
pretty good facial features the other
than that I hung the left side his right
eye it looks a little derpy but whatever
you could see him some facial hair right
there his hair on the on his left side
and some right here on his right side
and the details in his guns and his coat
looks really cool let me show you on the
back of his coat it looks has this cool
leathery texture or look to it even all
these like scratch marks let makes it
look like it's all worn and it just
gives it a nice leather look to it his
boots also had that same leather texture
some dirt marks on his pants which give
it a little bit more on more detailed I
guess and there's just coat and here's
the bottom part the plank that he is
standing on overall I think it's a
really cool looking figure it looks
really dynamic
I like how he looks like he's swinging
around the mast and I should also add
that you can move this swing it over to
the other side so the flag is behind him
but I just found it easier or it looks a
little bit better if it's on the left
side also the saber kind of gets in the
way if the flag is on the right side but
other than that looks like a really cool
figure I really love this figure so that
is it for this unboxing of Assassin's
Creed 4 Black Flag limited edition comes
with the steel box game case the game
and the soundtrack here on the left and
the art book here in the middle this
awesome 18-inch figurine of Edward
Kenway and of course the black flag that
everything is sitting on right now so if
you'd like to add anything to this
unboxing feel free to leave a comment
below I appreciate any feedback and
thanks for watching and I hope you guys
enjoyed this video don't forget to leave
a like and subscribe if you wish and I
will see you guys next time